fix: JSONForm Rehaul (#1040)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/reference/widgets/json-form.md

## Events

These are functions that are called when event listeners are triggered in the widget. [Use actions](/reference/appsmith-framework/widget-actions) to execute tasks based on user events.

| **Event name** | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **onSubmit**   | Sets an action to take place when the user clicks the Submit button on this form. |

## Troubleshooting

* [Source data exceeds 50 fields](/help-and-support/troubleshooting-guide/widget-errors#source-data-exceeds-50-fields)

> If you run into any other issues while working with the widget, check out the guide on [widget errors guide](/help-and-support/troubleshooting-guide/widget-errors). If your issue isn't covered in the guide, please connect with support@appsmith.com or raise your query on the [Discord Server](https://discord.com/invite/rBTTVJp).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run into any other issues while working with the widget, check out the guide on [widget errors guide](/help-and-support/troubleshooting-guide/widget-errors). If the guide doesn't cover your issue, reach out to the support team on the <a href="#!" onclick="Intercom('show')">chat widget</a> available on this page.
```

```json
{
  "name": "John",
  "date_of_birth": "20/02/1990",
  "age": 29, 
  "employee_id": 1001
}
```
JSON Form automatically detects the appropriate field type for each value. For instance, if the JSON data contains an `age` field, it sets the field type to a *Number Input*. Additionally, you can add/customize field types using the **Field Configuration** property.

You can display dynamic data in a JSON Form widget by binding the response from a query or a JS function to the **Source Data** property. This allows the form to update dynamically as the data changes in the database or API.

For example, suppose you have fetched data from an API using the query `getData` and want to generate a JSON Form using the response returned by the query. Display the data by binding the query response in the **Table Data** property of the Table widget `tbluserData` as shown below:

```js
 {{getData.data}}
 ```

 To automatically generate the fields in the JSON Form when a table row is selected, add the below code in the **Source Data** property:

```js
{{tbluserData.selectedRow}}
```

You can click on an individual row in the Table and update data in the form fields.

> You can also enable the **Auto Generate Form** property to have the form fields regenerate automatically when the source data changes, for example, when keys change or if a data type changes from string to a number. Note that this will override any configuration you are providing through data transformation using JS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also enable the **Auto Generate Form** property to have the form fields regenerate automatically when the source data changes, for example, when keys change or if a data type changes from string to a number. Note that this overrides any configuration you are providing through data transformation using JS.
```
